Add hint to application.conf changes for context to issue template (#5623)
scalableminds/webknossos: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

<!-- If the bug is hard to reproduce check the following: -->
- [ ] Cannot reproduce the bug anymore / needs deeper investigation.
<!--- If you can reproduce the bug, provide a list of actions to reproduce the bug. -->

1.
2.
3.
4.

## Your Environment for bug
<!--- In what environment did the bug occur? -->
- Browser name and version: e.g. Chrome 39
- Operating System and version: e.g. Windows 10
- Version of WebKnossos (Release or Commit):

> - Needed `application.conf` changes:
>   - [ ] Specific to long-running jobs (`jobsEnabled=true`)
>   - [ ] Specific to webKnossos.org (`isDemoInstance=true`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Specific to long-running jobs (set `jobsEnabled=true` in `application.conf`)
- [ ] Specific to webKnossos.org (set `isDemoInstance=true` in `application.conf`)
```
